ingrids week hello rostock first topic
Guttenberg gives Seehofer a basket and
does not come to csu-party day worried
well, but the other side what
brings what's the one if
politician comes more or less rich
but come and go immediately
that's all in the
Politicians do not like that
everyone is talking
no why everyone wants but a
to be authority
Well, there is little sauce in the relationship
it has to be a bit of a distance like that
always so she comes from the north
That's practically in those trading year
but the local left are okay
next topic is a pianist
a helene fischer considers for
Relaxation worried in case of expulsion
In addition I mean that is yes is one
hot topic is yes the system houses the
all now all the whole which is also the
whole riot etc
but the pliers go holly holy holy
right-wing radicals and everything were committed
and why helene fischer is a woman
blond hair has a following passage
The wrong thing now is that
question poses you must also conditionally
we were there full power in it
have beaten the police and
everything on it and at once before that
Cologne Cathedral sounds and there is one playing
piano maker that was the people
but there are not so brutal and
so on that a camel plays
practically 5000 or 6000 people on
once it can practically calm down
finished a great thing well
the iss threatens a collision in space
with space junk you will get to it
what should that then how do the root act
cause the collision of the
space junk should the danger he comes
then seemed to prepare for the earth
possible
there does not come on the earth there is above
into space etc
at height in the stratosphere is
scrap everything that's handy there
flies so it could be
Coming to think about it is one thing
just as a car will then find
I'll be fine though
next topic every sixth in
Germany is affected by poverty
why is it still when the economy
if the whole production is everything
stagnates when people on their
dismissal
say today today then they have today
she stated i talked you talk
again in between that fumble me
he'll have another look like madonna
Let's talk to a dog, please
ingrid you have you always without skin
rebuked
you finally did not hit him
then until next week this is not
usually that's what I want to do
that he cuts twice